how to use customer surveys to boost
your conversions do you know what your
customers actually want I'm not talking
about what you think they want but have
you even asked them what they want trust
me you can't afford not to invest in
providing your customers with what they
actually want in fact according to a
2019 Forester study companies that
invest in their customer experience
program outperform those that don't by
nearly 80 percent
customer surveys are amazing way to take
the temperature of what your audience is
looking for what you're providing for
them that they like what your Suite of
services or products is lacking what is
all relevant and what could be helping
them in their life look at the end of
the day you got a relationship with
these new customers or even your
existing customers if you serve him and
you talk to them
you'll not just help them out but it'll
also help you out
here's how you implement surveys into
your check you drive more convergence
step one Define what you want to learn
do you want to improve your product or
your service that you already have do
you want to figure out why your
customers are leaving your website maybe
you want to figure out what your
competition is doing that you're not
maybe you also want to learn how you can
make your existing products and services
better you can just ask them those
questions through tools like
SurveyMonkey you can actually run
surveys on your website or tools like
hot jar you can write surveys on
specific pages so that way you can get
detailed feedback and segment those
users such as what region they came from
or you can even look at hey this is the
page they're on so I know it's related
to this product so I can ask them this
specific question step two choose a
sample size look if I ask one person
where I'm going wrong I'm only getting
their opinion and it's not indicative of
what my audience actually wants the more
brutal honest feedback you get the
easier it is to Define what's going
wrong but you need it in quantity so a
lot of people say you need 30 plus
responses is to have a good
understanding of what changes you make I
say you need over a hundred thirty is
not enough I found that when you get
over 100 it gives you much better
feedback when you start getting 2 300
that's a lot of feedback and you can get
much more data on what you need to
change so that way you can better
improve
step three ask in real time according to
American Express customers are likely to
spend 17 percent more on a company that
has good customer service
so when you're talking to your customers
during support or issues ask them
questions that you need answers to to
get a better understanding of what could
be improved in your business that's
really the key when you have them in
real time they're much more likely to
respond to you
step four Implement your findings
according to Genesis 9 out of 10
customers give value to a company having
knowledge of their previous purchase and
preference have you ever been on Amazon
and noticed that they show you products
that you're more likely to buy and that
you're interested in for example I never
see products related to dog food or cat
food why I've never bought anything
related to a dog or a cat on Amazon
because I don't have any pets and if
they started showing me dog food or pet
food do you think they would generate a
lot of sales no I don't have any pets
but Amazon shows me products related to
toothpaste toothbrushes uh body lotion
toilet paper all household products that
a lot of times we buy from Amazon so
that way my wife and I and our kids
don't run out of toothpaste right too
lazy to go to the store buy from Amazon
boom they send it to you same day or
next day you don't even have to pay for
shipping if you're a Prime member the
point I'm getting at is if you look at
what people like and have purchased from
you in the past you can then give them
upsells so that way you can get more
revenue from that customer have you ever
been to McDonald's and they're like do
you want to supersize that do you want
to shake with that do you want a Happy
Meal with that if I take my daughter
she's always going to say yes to the
Happy Meal Technically she's going to
want all that before I walk into the
door and if I don't get out of that
she's going to be upset
the point I'm getting at is if you don't
provide all those things
to your customers those upsells those
down cells you're only going to generate
so much revenue from them the big
companies keep generating more revenue
from the same customer and by surveying
them you can get feedback on what people
like and what they need and what you
should offer in the future as well if
you want my company to help you with
your conversion rate optimization check
out my Ad Agency NP digital if you have
any questions leave a comment below if
you enjoyed this video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you very
much